source,title,company,location,link,description
Company:meta,Meta Careers | Do the Most Meaningful Work of Your Career,meta,,https://metacareers.com/#mdc-main-content,"Skip to main content
Jobs
Teams
Career Programs
Working at Meta
Blog
META CAREERS
Put your skills to work as we build for the future of AI — today
At Meta, we believe in impact and building a career where you’re challenged and valued in teams that are the best at what they do. Join us as we create and innovate the technologies of the future.
View jobs
Search Meta Careers
FEATURED TEAMS
Our best ideas happen together
Teamwork drives innovation, cultivates human connection and supports constant learning. Whatever role each of us plays — engineer, analyst, strategist, designer — our best work comes through collaboration and combining our collective skills.
ARTIFICAL INTELLIGENCE
Build the next generation of AI openly and responsibly
Meta is all in on building the future of AI with Llama, our open-source collection of models. Llama turns inspiration into reality by translating and generating dialogue and code, solving complex problems, following instructions and more. See how a role in AI at Meta can help you drive the future of education, healthcare, finance, cybersecurity and more.
Explore AI
METAVERSE AND WEARABLES
Innovate the leading spatial platform and new devices
Meta Connect is a two-day hybrid event that brings our community of developers and builders together to explore the future of computing.Our teams create new ways to connect in the metaverse and take wearables beyond gaming. We build next-generation hardware and software like Meta Quest headsets, AR wearables and Ray-Ban Meta glasses that do everything from assisting surgeons with training to creating virtual classrooms to “seeing” the world from home.
Explore Metaverse and Wearables
INFRASTRUCTURE
Ensure the efficiency, safety and security of our technologies
Maintaining a secure and reliable global infrastructure is essential to peoples’ safety and privacy. As a member of the infrastructure team, you’ll help build scalable systems and optimize their performance. You’ll also maintain, monitor and troubl"
